# s21-pa04-mikecuzzo_grantayers
s21-pa04-mikecuzzo_grantayers created by GitHub Classroom

This project is made to time both the Kruskals and Prims algorithm and then visualize data with varying number of nodes and density. The density is calculated by dividing the number of edges in the generated graph by the total number of possible edges between the number of nodes there are. 
The project is broken into a few different folders who's purpose I will now explain: 
 
 -- build/: contains all of the files generated by CMakeLists.txt when it builds and compiles the c++ code
 
 -- data/: this folder contains a treasure trove of information if you are interested in messing around with the generation or visualization of our graphs. The subfolders are graph and timing. The subfolder graph has subfolders images which contains a visualization of the graphs used by the MST algorithms, Text contains the raw edge data read by the c++ code, and rsc contains the stats about each of the graphs that are created by python code, the final file in the rsc folder is the generation-rules which allow for the modifications of how the graphs are generated. You can add more or subtract more graphs to generate and edit how many nodes and their density percentages. Timing contains data dumps by the c++ code called stats.csv and a cleaned-up version called stats-density.csv

-- python/: contains all of the environmental variables for creating a virtual environment, if you are having requirements issues, you can type "pip3 install -r requirements.txt"  (assuming you are in the python directory) and that will install all of the pip3 modules used by this program. Create graph creates all the graphs and their visualizations using globalvariables which reads from the generation-rules.txt. Createtiming cleans up the c++ dump stats.csv, into stats-density.csv and uses that to create the 3d plot

-- src/: contains all the c++ source files, you will need pythondev tools installed because we used <Python.h> to be able to call the python file creategraph so that each run has a randomized graph to be timed on, it generates data for each run and appends it to the stats.csv file so that the 3d plot keeps gathering data.
 
